simon that kratos is adam was right
what lost faith
as claudia tiggemann own
opposite of the apocalypse
function and june 20, 2020 but that
god's article can stabilize grandson
maybe it's a look
back
that you should be hospitalized again
no case
i'm staying here and me  am
clausen find the head of the special commission and
now responsible for the unresolved
missing cell from last year
six people have been missing for months
and send us one
person in six days our kiln will
finally go offline that is
a drastic experience for all of us
at floor level there is no touching
anyway and later part of the green
meadow the radiation of the barrels will be traced back to
the earlier use of the
basin why he has us
open about
everything depends on
you me
past and future
[music]
nobody is allowed to enter the dead zone
every attempt will  with death bes  meet
the provincial when you enter the passage
will open and then we will be led into
paradise apocalypse it has to
happen
you have doubts
[music]
the missing pages from the book you
have to find it what my jonas only in
the future but i can't go back i
have it  tried to destroy the passage
but i only closed it
a meadow january 1921
federal council is why has a greeting
to stabilize in a stable
state a kind of portal is created which
possibly allows traveling through time
i am and i was
told that we are a  and are the same person
that is impossible
it is yes you can from the country hotel those
are his business
that hanging on his walls everywhere be
understood if you have seen that
yes said he can change everything
he can change the past and the
future who said it  but the band
can change that
nobody not even the white devil it
's the biggest in the community and
at the same time
you can travel through time
you have to stop there for now
not much time with regina
[music]
maybe you don’t
remember me my name is
egon I have arrested you 34 years
ago why didn’t she kill you
who are you really that you show me
what's really in the dead zone
[music]
that doesn't make any sense but that's
maybe the only way to get
back home i'm in
there out there makes no difference
god has  you chosen that is a
battle between good and evil between
light and shadow
that the travelers can undo everything
yes that said
no more fear of him it will
drive blood you can
not choose your family to free yourself from blood means to
free yourself that has
to  you don't go to me now
so use my mother loves you
you know the luck asked me when the time
has come and we will see each other again
i k  If you don't at all why
don't you come to us and tell us
your name is cozy ulrich nies and i come from the
future
if you think adam will let himself go
then you will you have to choose your side
for you there is no redemption i know
where the last pages are  and i know
how long
claudia has been looking for it, in return,
approves the dual saying that i want to go back
before the new cycle begins i'm
here i would have to have the reserves i
'm sorry next week for example i
have cancer
si
where i am  yes
you knew that he here she
has betrayed himself i am not one of your build
more names than the best
shame
[music
] she had the pages with her
[music]
agnes go and let me
know but which one we have 19 and 21
and  slowly taking on her wife's
name the titles were
coined / shaped this city especially reginas i make it
real name köhler alexander
köhler
[music]
claudia tier she was known the
g  exact times and when it happens what
she does the children
who disappeared you think about
time travel the last pages were
torn out
[music]
but there was something in the caves a kind of crack
in the time
i am
jonas your son and then think what are you doing
[Music]
what is that what is left
here
the broadcaster who maybe my opinion
[music]
it will last for almost 32 years
is it opens you know about it
you want to go home what do you say at
least you first
tear excavator
bernd hoffmann he wants the
last cycle to start in three days
i have to stop
you you want to finally have an answer
[music]
what is that traveling doesn’t
leave you without a trace the human
body isn’t made for who it is in the long run
she
I am you all the
talking until it is what I am not
that is the time machine
then show us how it works
[music]
what is really happening that part of
God  n the particle that
gives all things their mass
do what you want with the data but
get my name and the work out i
have been waiting for this moment for over 33 years
the question is not how but when
but i knew his grandfather he is
not my real one  grandfather grew up in europe
god is time
i just know who you are when
you were born you can't give you
great chances
you came too early almost like
all those years looking for each other all the
time because the akw jonas it will
all happen again
the apocalypse i have to destroy adam
so that all live
not only those in the bunker
no
i come back
i want to see that here for me to
examine and not a word to anyone
marius k
it is not the same as that in the
future
it is, so to speak, his twin
that in  the future through the catastrophe
in two days that you absolutely
want to prevent we
made it ourselves, the end will
send you  au on the day you
want to travel, the twentieth of june 2009 breaks through in a 33-
year cycle 10
the day before everything happened we
have to stop being
able to take our own life
then everything that follows will not
happen
[music]
part christoph from
it is  travel sooner what is i
have to go how else i have to work my own rain jacket
i find the two of us something in perfect
together
[music]
never think of anything else
i know everything
i know the right name mac is in
liezen
i know that you im
want to hang atelier you have already written the letter
it is hanging together big ribbon but
you that you kill yourself that is the
beginning
how did you find the passage
to show
what brought me all the way to the door
through the tunnel you can i here
to stop me showing what i have to
do but if we don't
happen then you're not born
and maybe a role in old
much is commissioner than  you think you will
you belong to adam out there there are
two sides to exactly trigger everything again
we it always happens that
no that can't be
we all have to spend whether
your father has to spend
too dear jonas when you read that is all
it has already happened irretrievably
it can no longer be changed
our truth to survive
try to forget until it no longer works
we can say what his task is in
all of this on which way you
really send him we could all let us know
bring
[music]
shot in  the breast
are still noticeable the eyes a blue
a brown today is called economy
what day is today
96 june do you know this woman
he told me about her to the white
devil that is a copy of a
document from the marburg registration authority the
data of her last identity card
before you  marc i
would arrest them
on suspicion of
identity abuse almost into each other
g  experience
[music]
i believe that this is man's
[music] that
is moaning
i can now see you
after your beginning
katharina nielsen he told you
was a brother is his brother's son
my grandchildren and yours i'm
so sorry  my brother has also disappeared without a
trace
86 and he is also alexander bold
the answers to your brother can be found
in contact
my friend i am to remember and you
ever said i love you to me
he said i need nobody but the
truth
you do not need me  what you love
me out of here but i love you
similarities with him but it is not
an in and of itself
they are each other needs time around 50
wanted what i know would
travel back in time what are you
doing call in the guard to look for your pants
[Music]
everything is ascribed is
pretty nice everything sounds pretty
is the white village traveling back
today where i come from i
lost
everything all i want is  another day i
know what you did
she told me but she also
said that it doesn't have to happen like that again
next time
in the future
[music]
you have to go now
a search warrant for the
nuclear power plant i can't prove
that you  Killed my brother
but I get them for what
happened there last twelve months,
I got taught everything
for the future and the past,
or the music association want to create a new world
,
you and I, we want to save it, that
's the only place it's safe
promise me  that you
don't leave these banks
alexander has something
radioactive in concrete that means it's
all connected
he said that everything has something
to do with the akw has to let me
do all these things
but now i know what i have to do
[  Music]
me people is a daughter
she is elisabeth's daughter and her
mother
agnes we cannot escape our destiny
the passage snowed again
the thing went through the medium
hard words had to bring to the
bunker at helga hütte you don't
have much time
regina i
'm so sorry
you have to come with me now
he also said that we would be
friends i'm happy  already now
he is the savior you are the savior
only from marta
you have to advise them pater magnus and
franziska again me and agnes
this cycle has to be closed
so that the next cycle begins
alina why do you want the future to
happen again because what is
today  arises the beginning of the end is
i can lead you to your new
determinations in the future
at the end of this world i am the trigger
for you to become what i am today
but i am your report
[music]
yes only later
us  have to get away from here i don't ask
from what time
but from what world
[music]